c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.pdb
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.pdb
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\com.coutocode.apk
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\com.coutocode-Signed.apk
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.coutocode.apk
C:\Users\Tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\pizza.9.png
C:\Users\Tiago\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\pizza.9.png
C:\Users\Tiago\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\obj\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Tiago\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Pizzaria\Pizzaria\Pizzaria.Droid\bin\Debug\Pizzaria.Droid.dll.mdb
